Doc-3496 subscription updates (#2724)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/shared/subscription-add-billing-admin.md

Billing admins are users that can manage payments on your Harness account.

> To add a billing admin, use Harness' [Role Based Access Control](/docs/platform/User-Management/add-users) to add a user with a **Billing Admin** role. Then assign the billing admin by going to **Billing** under **Account Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a billing admin, use Harness' [Role Based Access Control](/docs/platform/User-Management/add-users) to add a user with a **Billing Admin** role. Then assign the billing admin by going to **Account Settings** and then selecting **Billing**.
```
